We haven't been able to take payment
You must update your payment details via My Account or by clicking update payment details to keep your subscription.
Update payment details
Act now to keep your subscription
We've tried to contact you several times as we haven't been able to take payment. You must update your payment details via My Account or by clicking update payment details to keep your subscription.
Update payment details
Your subscription is due to terminate
We've tried to contact you several times as we haven't been able to take payment. You must update your payment details via My Account, otherwise your subscription will terminate.
Update payment details
Accessibility LinksSkip to content



Search authors, topics, headlines

Search


My account

UK

World

Comment

Business & Money

Sport

Life & Style

Culture

Puzzles

Magazines
More

PREMIER LEAGUE
Half-hearted Man United serve up dross as West Ham tear them to shreds
Manchester United 0 West Ham 2: Tomas Soucek and Jarrod Bowen secure easy victory at Old Trafford, with Leny Yoro’s injury another big concern for Ruben Amorim
Paul Hirst
Sunday May 11 2025, 4.45pm BST, The Times
Manchester United Football Club
Premier League
Football
West Ham United Football Club
Rasmus Hojlund reacts to a missed goal during a Manchester United soccer match.
Hojlund missed a glorious opportunity to halve the deficit as United again lacked a clinical edge
REUTERS
Share
Save
Loading

Towards the end of a revealing and breathless press conference in which he had slated his players and questioned his own position as the Manchester United head coach, Ruben Amorim came up with a quote that summed up where his team are at right now.

“Playing in the Premier League and Champions League for us is the moon,” he said.

In essence, he was saying that the idea of United being a serious competitor in the Premier League and the Champions League next season is nothing but a pipe dream, a long shot, a Hail Mary.

Given the 90 minutes of dross that his team served up against West Ham United before he took his seat in the press auditorium, it was easy to see why he came to that conclusion.

The gulf in quality, courage and skill between the fifth and sixth-worst teams in the Premier League served as another reminder of how bad United’s domestic season has been.

Advertisement

Maybe they should play the Europa League anthem before every Premier League match at Old Trafford because whenever they play in domestic competition, the side that have displayed so much courage, fight and skill in Europe disappear into thin air and are replaced by an inferior outfit racked with nerves.

West Ham, who arrived here on the back of an eight-match winless run, tore their hosts to shreds, leaving Amorim with another unwanted record. His team have not won any of their past seven Premier League matches, which equalled a club record set in 1992.

Manchester, England, 11th May 2025. Leny Yoro of Manchester United (l) leaves the game injured during the Manchester United vs West Ham United Premier League match at Old Trafford, Manchester. Picture credit should read: Andrew Yates / Sportimage
A distraught Yoro had to come off at the start of the second half because of an injury
ANDREW YATES / SPORTIMAGE
If they lose their final two league matches against Chelsea and Aston Villa they will end the season with 39 points, which was enough to relegate Birmingham City and Blackpool in the 2010-11 campaign.

Amorim also suffered an injury scare ten days before the Europa League final against Tottenham Hotspur in Bilbao, with Leny Yoro coming off in the second half owing to a foot problem, although Amorim said after the match that the injury did not appear to be serious.

United’s 17th league defeat of the campaign, more than in any season since relegation in 1973-74 (when they lost 20 out of 42), was fully deserved and the fact that it was orchestrated by Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Mohammed Kudus made it even more embarrassing.

Advertisement
Wan-Bissaka teed up Jarrod Bowen for West Ham’s second goal after dispossessing Manuel Ugarte — who then failed to track back — and played two key passes in the build-up to the first goal, scored by Tomas Soucek. The full back was a menace all afternoon, showing the kind of attacking flair that he failed to exhibit during his five years at Old Trafford.

Erik ten Hag, the former United manager, was a big admirer of Kudus, who set up the first and had a hand in the second, but he went to the east London club instead.

Amorim made it clear last week that places in the United team for the final were still up for grabs but of the six new faces in the team here, only Amad Diallo impressed.


Playing as a right wingback, Diallo cushioned Ugarte’s switch and fed the ball to Bruno Fernandes, who curled a shot just over the bar with United’s first chance.

Kobbie Mainoo looked threatening, making probing runs without being picked out by his team-mates, much to Amorim’s dismay.

Advertisement
For the rest of the match Amorim and the home fans had to endure the same woeful football that their team had played for most of the league campaign.

Max Kilman climbed above his marker to head James Ward-Prowse’s free kick over the bar. United tried to pin West Ham back but the visiting team had no trouble passing through them. There was no bite or athleticism in United’s midfield.

Still, West Ham lacked a focal point up front, which made their fans yearn for the introduction of Niclas Füllkrug. Their chant of “Get the German on the pitch” coincided with a run from Wan-Bissaka down the middle into the six-yard box.

Jarrod Bowen of West Ham United celebrating a goal at Old Trafford.
Bowen celebrates his fourth goal in his past six matches for West Ham and his 12th for the club this season
SHUTTERSTOCK EDITORIAL
At least Wan-Bissaka was showing a bit of adventure. His willingness to take a risk led to the opener. Deep inside the United half he clipped the ball nonchalantly over Diallo to Aaron Cresswell, who back-heeled the ball directly back to Wan-Bissaka.

As Ugarte slept, Kudus spotted a gap to his left and Wan-Bissaka found him with a clever pass. Diallo slid in, trying to block Kudus’s cross, but the Ghanaian was too quick and he delivered a low cross that flicked off the heel of Soucek at the far post as Harry Amass tried to clear.

Advertisement
Soucek, so surprised at scoring, did not know how to celebrate. At first he mimicked an aeroplane, spinning away to the corner, before suddenly breaking into Bebeto’s baby-cradling celebration. It felt apt. So poor were United that they were making West Ham look like the 1994 World Cup-winning Brazil team.

There were two feeble attempts to equalise before half-time, both from Rasmus Hojlund. Throw in a mix-up between Altay Bayindir and Noussair Mazraoui and you can see why Amorim was so unhappy with his team.

Premier League - Manchester United v West Ham United
Soucek’s goal was only his fourth for West Ham since mid-January
JASON CAIRNDUFF/REUTERS
The Portuguese head coach sent out his side early for the second half but West Ham continued to dominate. Ward-Prowse blasted a low shot into Bayindir’s arms. The sight of Yoro pulling up with a foot injury further darkened the mood of his manager.

United became desperate. Diallo dived looking for a penalty. Jarred Gillett, the referee, was not convinced by Harry Maguire’s claim that he had his shirt pulled in the box either.

As United committed men forward, they were stretched at the back. When West Ham ventured forward on their next attack, they were outnumbered by four to three yet, remarkably, they still managed to score.

Advertisement
Read more
If I can’t fix this I’ll walk, says ‘embarrassed’ Amorim
Man United deprive staff of free tickets for Europa League final
The move began when Wan-Bissaka dispossessed Ugarte 40 yards out. Rather than try to win the ball back, the £50million midfielder simply sat there waiting for a whistle that never came.

Wan-Bissaka fed Kudus, whose shot deflected off Victor Lindelof and spun to the left. Wan-Bissaka swept the ball between Maguire, Lindelof, Mazraoui and Fernandes to Bowen, who drilled it past Bayindir.

Loading

Manchester United (3-4-2-1): A Bayindir 5 — N Mazraoui 5, L Yoro 6 (H Maguire 52min, 6), L Shaw 6 (V Lindelof 52, 5) — A Diallo 6 (C Eriksen 83), M Ugarte 3 (P Dorgu 59, 5), B Fernandes 5, H Amass 5 — M Mount 5 (A Garnacho 59, 5), K Mainoo 6 — R Hojlund 4.

West Ham United (3-5-2): A Areola 7 — M Kilman 7, J-C Todibo 7 (K Mavropanos 83), A Cresswell 8 — V Coufal 7 (Emerson 83), G Rodríguez 7 (É Alvárez 64, 6), J Ward-Prowse 8, T Soucek 8, A Wan-Bissaka 9 — J Bowen 8 (N Fullkrug 73), M Kudus 8 (C Soier 73). Booked Creswell.

Referee: J Gillett Attendance: 73,804.

Loading

Sport
Football
Manchester United Football Club
Premier League
Football
West Ham United Football Club
Share
Save
Related articles
If I can’t fix this I’ll walk, says ‘embarrassed’ Amorim
If I can’t fix this I’ll walk, says ‘embarrassed’ Amorim
May 11 2025, 6.30pm BST
Charlotte Duncker
Read more
Get well soon, Noah Lolesio — for Lions’ sake as well as yours
Stuart Barnes

Get well soon, Noah Lolesio — for Lions’ sake as well as yours
May 11 2025, 11.00pm

Stuart Barnes

Smith: I grew up wearing my grandfather’s Lions kit — call-up had me bawling
Alex Lowe

Smith: I grew up wearing my grandfather’s Lions kit — call-up had me bawling
May 11 2025, 6.00pm

Alex Lowe, Rugby Correspondent

We have to grow up, says furious Baxter — despite Exeter’s six-try win
Gallagher Premiership

We have to grow up, says furious Baxter — despite Exeter’s six-try win
May 11 2025, 6.19pm

Nigel Walrond

PROMOTED CONTENT

Comments(72)
Comments are subject to our community standards and participation guidelines policy, which can be viewed here. By joining the conversation you are accepting our community rules and terms. Update your commenting notification settings here. Our policy is for readers to use their real names when commenting, find out more here.
Previous Article
Marinakis fumes at Nuno as Forest lose ground in Champions League race
Next Article
Smith: I grew up wearing my grandfather’s Lions kit — call-up had me bawling
Back to top
The Times & The Sunday Times
Get in touch
About us
Contact us
Help
The Times Editorial Complaints
The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
Place an announcement
Classified advertising
Display advertising
The Times corrections
The Sunday Times corrections
Careers
More from The Times and The Sunday Times
The Times e-paper
The Sunday Times e-paper
The Sunday Times Wine Club
Times Print Gallery
The Times Archive
Times Crossword Club
Sunday Times Driving
Times+
The Sunday Times Rich List
Travel
Good University Guide
Schools Guide
Newsletters
Best Places to Live
Best Places to Stay
Times Appointments
Podcasts
Times Money Mentor
Times Luxury
Sportswomen of the Year Awards
Best Places to Work
Puzzles
More from News Corp
The Australian
Barron's
Dow Jones
Financial News London
Investor's Business Daily
Mansion Global
MarketWatch
Realtor.com
The Sun
Times Literary Supplement
The Wall Street Journal
© Times Media Limited 2025.

Registered in England No. 894646. Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.

Privacy & cookie policy
Licensing
Site map
Topics
Puzzles Archive
Authors
Commissioning terms
Terms and conditions
ipso regulated
