skip to main content
NewsSportEntertainmentBusinessLifestyleCulturePlayerTVRadioGaeilge
Weather
10°C


Menu
Culture 
 
Get Creative
 
Games
 
Books
 
Film
 
Music
 
Theatre
 
Visual Arts
 
Miscellany
 
Drama
 
Orchestras
Beyond Conclave: 10 other movies that feature the Vatican
Updated / Thursday, 8 May 2025 15:49
Jonathan Pryce and Anthony Hopkins in The Two Popes
Jonathan Pryce and Anthony Hopkins in The Two Popes
If you've seen Conclave, Edward Berger’s excellent political thriller, you’ll have some idea of what goes on behind the scenes at the secretive papal conclave.

So with all eyes on Rome this week as cardinals meet to elect a successor to Pope Francis from behind the closed doors of the Sistine Chapel, here’s a look at five other films set in or around the Vatican...

THE GODFATHER PART III (1990)

While the first installment of Francis Ford Coppola's magnum opus was set in New York City, and the second largely in Sicily, much of Part III was based in Rome - particularly around the Vatican City, as Michael Corleone becomes involved in nefarious business dealings involving the Vatican Bank.



THE DA VINCI CODE (2006) & ANGELS AND DEMONS (2009)

Both of Dan Brown's novels were adapted for the big screen in 2006 and 2009, and while both had scenes set within the Vatican - Angels & Demons opens with the death of a pope and preparations for a conclave - the church unsurprisingly denied Ron Howard permission to film there. Instead, other venues around Rome doubled for interior scenes, while Winchester Cathedral was a stand-in for the Vatican in The Da Vinci Code.



MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE III (2006)

The world's most famous Scientologist breaking into the seat of the Catholic Church? It happened in M:I3, when Tom Cruise donned a cassock to go undercover in the Vatican - which was really Reggia di Caserta near Naples. However, some exterior shots were filmed in St. Peter’s Square.



ROMAN HOLIDAY (1953)

Of course one of the most timeless Rome-set films ever made had to feature the Vatican in some way. St. Peter's Basilica features in the film’s opening sequence, while the nearby Castel Sant’Angelo also features during a scene where Audrey Hepburn dances with Gregory Peck before a brawl breaks out.



EUROTRIP (2004)

Bet you weren't expecting this one. If the Church doesn’t allow some of the world’s most esteemed filmmakers to shoot within the Vatican City, you can bet they didn’t let the makers of this 2004 goofy 'teen sex comedy’. Nevertheless, a sequence is set within the Vatican when main characters Scott and Cooper break into the Pope’s private quarters in the midst of a conclave.



THE TWO POPES (2019)

Well, the clue is in the title: of course the Vatican is going to feature in some way. In Fernando Meirelles's 2019 drama, we witness a fictionalised discussion between Pope Benedict XVI (Anthony Hopkins) and the then-Cardinal Bergoglio (Jonathan Pryce) in the wake of the Vatican leaks scandal. Much of the film is set within the walls of the Vatican, although the actual filming locations were spread across Rome and a full-scale replica of the Sistine Chapel was constructed at Rome’s Cinecittà Studios.



MADAGASCAR 3: EUROPE'S MOST WANTED (2012)

It's not just live action movies that feature the Eternal City; in Madagascar 3, a group of intrepid animals find themselves pursued across Europe as they attempt to get back to New York City. One scene features King Julien, the ring-tailed lemur, kissing the Pope’s ring in the Vatican.



LA DOLCE VITA (1960)

Fellini's best film? La Dolce Vita is certainly one of the iconic Italian director’s most celebrated works. Set in Rome, one sequence heavily features the Vatican as jaded journalist Marcello pursues a woman up the 551 steps of St. Peter’s Dome, which overlooks the magnificent square. As with The Two Popes, a replica of the dome was built at Cinecittà Studios.



SPECTRE (2015)

It only took fifty years for film's most famous spy to land in Rome. much of Spectre was shot in the Italian capital, while a thrilling car chase through its streets passes up the cobbled Via della Conciliazione, with St. Peter’s Basilica looming majestically in the background.



More stories on
CultureFilmListicles

Ralph Fiennes: "The political moving and jockeying is very present"
Conclave's Ralph Fiennes: 'The political jockeying is very present'
Movies
Most Read
1

The first sentence of Doireann Ní Ghríofa's A Ghost in the Throat: "This is a female text."
Get Creative: The craft of non-fiction – writing first sentences
11 May
2

James Joyce's 'Ulysses'
Ulysses - listen to the epic RTÉ dramatisation
28 Dec
3

Jonathan Pryce and Anthony Hopkins in The Two Popes
Beyond Conclave: 10 other movies that feature the Vatican
08 May
4

What Did You Do Yesterday? host David O'Doherty
10 of the best Irish podcasts to listen to right now
22 Mar
5

4 Million people have already jumped into The Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion Remastered
Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion Remastered & the latest games reviewed
10 May
6

RTÉ Short Story Competition judges Neil Hegarty, Tristan Rosenstock and Jan Carson
RTÉ Short Story Competition 2025 announces call for entries
24 Mar
7

Cristín Leach is the author of the acclaimed memoir Negative Space
Get Creative: The craft of non-fiction – writing personal essays
04 May
8

Saibh Downes presents this Sunday's Lyric Feature, Black Syren
The forgotten true tale of Ireland's Black Syren - Lyric Feature
09 May


Read Next
Green Party leader Roderic O
Israel intends to ethnically cleanse Gaza, O'Gorman says
News
Mark Moriarty: Cook Like a Chef airs Wednesdays, 14 May, at 8pm on RTÉ One.
Mark Moriarty on making delicious dishes from pantry staples
Lifestyle
Tara Povey shares her list of essential tips and tricks that will keep you comfortable during even the most record-breaking Leaving Cert heatwave.
How I've learned to stay cool in hot weather
Lifestyle
According to Irish skin expert Eavanna Breen, your skin remembers everything - every sunburn, every tan, every day you skipped SPF.
Sun damaged skin can take 20 years to manifest
Lifestyle
We all know by now that the air fryer is an incredible kitchen gadget.
10 recipes you probably thought you couldn't make in an air fryer
Lifestyle
Sligo earned an opening round victory over Tipperary in the Tailteann Cup by a 2-15 to 2-10 scoreline in Tubbercurry.
Sligo made to work for opening round win over Tipperary
Sport
null
Mags Roche's chicken and mushroom vol-au-vents
Lifestyle
Whether you
10 recipes to make for your BBQ
Lifestyle
Discover
RTÉ Games
RTÉ Archives
RTÉ Brainstorm
History
Gaeilge
RTÉ Learn
Food
RTÉ Food
RTÉ Recipes
Watch
RTÉ Player
TV
RTÉ One
RTÉ2
RTÉ News
RTÉjr
Listen
Radio
Podcasts
RTÉ Radio 1
RTÉ 2FM
RTÉ lyric fm
RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta
Services
Orchestra
RTÉ Weather
Century Ireland
RTÉ Shop
Kids
RTÉ Kids
RTÉ Learn
Help
Contact
Feedback
Policies and Reports
Complaints
Terms & Conditions
Individual Rights Guide
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Freedom of Information
Information
About RTÉ
TV Licence
Vacancies
Latest Annual Report
Advertise with RTÉ
2rn
Saorview
Newsletters
RTÉ Supporting the Arts
Follow RTÉ
    
© RTÉ 2025. RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Media. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites.

Images Courtesy of Getty Images.

Privacy