  skip to main content

NewsSportEntertainmentBusinessLifestyleCulturePlayerTVRadioGaeilge
Weather
10°C


Menu
Sport 
 
Golf 
 
DP World Tour
 
PGA Tour
 
Ryder Cup
 
Results
Shane Lowry falls just short as Sepp Straka holds on to win Truist Championship
Updated / Sunday, 11 May 2025 23:46

Shane Lowry lining up a putt on the 11th green during the final round
Shane Lowry lining up a putt on the 11th green during the final round
Shane Lowry narrowly fell short of victory at the Truist Championship as Austria's Sepp Straka held on to win the PGA Tour tournament by two shots to add a signature event to his growing resume.

Lowry came into Sunday at Philadelphia Cricket Club in a share of the overnight lead with Straka, and the two vied for supremacy throughout the final round, with two-time major winner Justin Thomas lurking in close proximity.

But ultimately a round of 70, compounded by a bogey on the final hole - when a birdie could have forced a play-off - saw Lowry go from a stroke behind in sole second to a tie with Thomas (67) on 14 under.

However, the consolation for the Offaly man will be that his performance puts him on course to move up from World No 12 and into the top ten of golf's world rankings for the first time in his career.

In his first individual event since winning The Masters last month, Rory McIlroy finished six shots behind Straka in a four-way tie for seventh on 10 under after a bogey-free 68. The five-time major winner's birdies came on one and 13.

McIlroy, who had won the Truist Championship last year, feels he can head to next week's US PGA Championship at Quail Hollow with the burden somewhat lifted following his long-awaited triumph at Augusta.

"It (expectation) does feel lighter," McIlroy told broadcasters after his closing round.

"I am going there after winning my first major in a decade. With where that puts me in the argument of some of the best players ever, it is very, very cool. I'm not going there saying 'I don't care' but it is more relaxed.

"I am excited to get there. I feel my game is in good shape."

LEADERBOARD

Straka, 32, won The American Express in January and is now the second player with multiple wins on the PGA Tour this season. He will rise to second place inthe FedEx Cup race and take momentum into next week's PGA Championship.

Lowry still has not won an individual event on the PGA Tour since his 2019 Open Championship victory.

He birdied two of the first five holes, and Straka matched him at 16 under with a 20-foot eagle putt at the fifth. He bogeyed the next hole, but the pair flipped places at the par-3 eighth when Straka birdied while Lowry missed the green and failed to save par.


Sepp Straka celebrates victory with his caddie
At No. 9, Straka nailed a 28-foot birdie putt for a two-shot advantage but squandered it with back-to-back bogeys. He was short and in the bunker on 11 and watched his par putt slip left of the hole.

They were neck and neck down the stretch, both birdieing the par-5 15th to set up the close finish, before Lowry lipped out a par putt at the par-3 16th.

Straka held steady the rest of the way in, carding a two-under 68 to finish on 16 under for the tournament. He landed in the sand off the 18th tee but hit a great recovery shot onto the green and saved par.

Lowry missed birdie on 17 and three-putted for bogey on the final hole.

"I hit a lot of really good shots and made a lot of mistakes (but) I hung in there," Straka said afterwards to host broadcaster CBS.

"I had a two-shot lead and made two bogeys on the next two holes to lose it, but I kept the same attitude and mentality throughout the round."

Patrick Cantlay, Jacob Bridgeman and England's Tommy Fleetwood all shot 65 to tie for fourth at 12 under.

Additional reporting: PA/Reuters

More stories on
SportGolfPGA TourRory McIlroyShane LowrySepp StrakaTruist Championship

Most Read
1

Shane Lowry lining up a putt on the 11th green during the final round
Lowry falls short as Straka wins Truist Championship
11 May
2

Sam Mulroy lifts the Delaney Cup at Croke Park
Louth land Leinster crown to end 68-year famine
11 May
3

The Ireland women's 4x400m relay team have qualified for Tokyo
Ireland women relay team impress to qualify for Worlds
11 May
4

Leinster football final recap: Louth are champions
Leinster football final recap: Louth are champions
11 May
5

Brian Molloy succeed Hilda Breslin as president of the Camogie Association last year
Camogie president supports choice in skorts debate
11 May
6

Trent Alexander-Arnold was the target of a section of the Anfield faithful's ire
Slot to keep picking Alexander-Arnold in spite of boos
11 May
7

Sam Mulroy and Ciarán Downey moments after Louth claimed victory in the Leinster final
Louth players savour their moment of history
11 May
8

Sharpshooter James Duggan had an afternoon to remember for Laois
Laois and deadly Duggan devastate Kerry
11 May


Read Next
Green Party leader Roderic O
Israel intends to ethnically cleanse Gaza, O'Gorman says
News
Mark Moriarty: Cook Like a Chef airs Wednesdays, 14 May, at 8pm on RTÉ One.
Mark Moriarty on making delicious dishes from pantry staples
Lifestyle
Tara Povey shares her list of essential tips and tricks that will keep you comfortable during even the most record-breaking Leaving Cert heatwave.
How I've learned to stay cool in hot weather
Lifestyle
According to Irish skin expert Eavanna Breen, your skin remembers everything - every sunburn, every tan, every day you skipped SPF.
Sun damaged skin can take 20 years to manifest
Lifestyle
We all know by now that the air fryer is an incredible kitchen gadget.
10 recipes you probably thought you couldn't make in an air fryer
Lifestyle
Sligo earned an opening round victory over Tipperary in the Tailteann Cup by a 2-15 to 2-10 scoreline in Tubbercurry.
Sligo made to work for opening round win over Tipperary
Sport
null
Mags Roche's chicken and mushroom vol-au-vents
Lifestyle
Whether you
10 recipes to make for your BBQ
Lifestyle
Discover
RTÉ Games
RTÉ Archives
RTÉ Brainstorm
History
Gaeilge
RTÉ Learn
Food
RTÉ Food
RTÉ Recipes
Watch
RTÉ Player
TV
RTÉ One
RTÉ2
RTÉ News
RTÉjr
Listen
Radio
Podcasts
RTÉ Radio 1
RTÉ 2FM
RTÉ lyric fm
RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta
Services
Orchestra
RTÉ Weather
Century Ireland
RTÉ Shop
Kids
RTÉ Kids
RTÉ Learn
Help
Contact
Feedback
Policies and Reports
Complaints
Terms & Conditions
Individual Rights Guide
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Freedom of Information
Information
About RTÉ
TV Licence
Vacancies
Latest Annual Report
Advertise with RTÉ
2rn
Saorview
Newsletters
RTÉ Supporting the Arts
Follow RTÉ
    
© RTÉ 2025. RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Media. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites.

Images Courtesy of Getty Images.

Privacy